When we submit a farm with one or more invalid fields we're re displaying any data we entered in the
farm.
We're doing this by echoing out the value from the farm in the value attribute of the input element.
If we insert a simple string into the value attribute when the browser passes the H to AML the value
of the attribute is everything from the first double quote character to the next one.
If we insert a value that contains a double quote we end the value attribute.
So everything after that is taken as astm Owl and not the attributes value.
And this allows us to insert code into the rest of the astm l..
At best this will just break the layout.
At worst someone could inject some code to attack our site.
If I put this cold in the textarea input of our farm and then submit the form I can make this message
appear.
This is using javascript which is code that runs in the browser will see more of this later on.
What's important is that I have managed to run some arbitrary code on the site.
I could use this to get access to cookies plugins and so on.
This isn't known as a cross-site scripting R X s s attack.
In H T M Al.
Double quotes and greater than and less than characters have meaning.
They used to start and end tags and their attributes.
So what happens if we want to display one of these characters and avoid it being interpreted as such.
We use h.t. email entities.
These are special codes that begin with an ampersand and end with a semicolon.
For example if we put this htl entity in our next term L. the browser will display a double quote character
on screen.
This one for a less than character and so on.
So when we print out a value that might contain one of these characters like a double quote We need
to replace those characters with their corresponding age to male entities.
Fortunately P HP has just the function to do that.
The team special charms function will convert any of these special characters into a steamer entities.
So whenever we want to print out a value that could contain one of these characters we need to use the
H to mail special chars function.
If we do that we can avoid the problems with inserted code.
So now if we try and insert some code by submitting a value with a double quote in it the code isn't
inserted and the value is reading spading the farm input as expected.
If we view the sarce we can see the special characters that have be converted into their corresponding
AIST female entities.
So we fixed the code injection vulnerability with the new article farm.
But let's add a new article that contains some h.t. email code like that.
If we go to the index page that h.t. AML is being interpreted by the browser the same on the individual
article page.
If we can inject some simple astm email it would be possible to inject something more complex.
Even some javascript code as we saw earlier.
So we need to use the to make special charge function here to whenever we display a value that is untrusted.
So add it to the title and also to the content.
We dont need to use it when we display the idea as this is always going to be an integer.
We will do the same here.
In the article page.
So now in the index page and the article page the value is displayed as we entered it when we inserted
the new article.
It's very important wherever you are displaying untrusted data.
In other words data that comes from a third party to use the astm else special chars function to avoid
exposing your site to code injection.